---
title: Improv Podcast Releases for the Fourth Week of October 2016
date: 2016-10-27 00:00:00
---

Lauren Lapkus was joined by Rebecca Drysdale and Suzi Barrett for the <a href="https://soundcloud.com/with-special-guest-lauren-lapkus/rebecca-drysdale-suzi-barrett-womens-glib">101st episode of With Special Guest</a>!
Good afternoon internet and welcome back to Women’s Glib with your hosts Rhonda Kline (Rebecca Drysdale) and Pam Upspring (Suzi Barrett)! It’s a very special reunion episode as they welcome Deley Dance on the show to reminisce about the good ol’ times touring as stand-up comediennes, her infamous George Bush impression, and her popular TV show “Trashy Jacky.” They also have some fun by coming up for the punchlines for great joke setups during “Fill In The.” Plus, Traci Reardon arrives to help her Twitter followers with advice on being a woman in comedy in another edition of “Help Me, Rhonda.”

Paul F. Tompkins and Eban Schletter were joined by Janet Varney and Jean Villepique on the <a href="https://soundcloud.com/spontaneanation/83-under-a-big-rain-storm-w-the-jayvees-little-janet-varney-jean-villepique">83rd episode of Spontaneanation</a>.
Paul F. Tompkins does NOT exclude entrance to anyone in the world to this week’s episode of Spontaneanation! This week, Paul’s special guests AND improvisers are SPONT regulars Little Janet Varney &amp; Jean Villepique, aka The Jayvees! They chat about what fulfills them, the physical side effects of playing the trumpet, and homemade productions of “Grease.” They then improvise a story set Under A Big Rain Storm. And as always, Eban (only the best) Schletter scores it all on piano!

Matt Besser rounded out the <a href="https://soundcloud.com/improv-4-humans/263-jon-gabrus-brian-huskey-mookie-blaiklock">263rd episode of improv4humans</a> with Jon Gabrus, Brian Huskey, and Mookie Blaiklock.
Jon Gabrus, Brian Huskey, and Mookie Blaiklock join Matt Besser in the improv boat this week for scenes about high-maintenance dog breeding, meeting your nemesis at a memorial service, and a Navy Seal team that trips balls during a mission. Later, a rollerskater uses violent means to pass favorable legislature, and a venom-filled twitter debate goes on-air during Case Closed.

Finally, Comedy Bang! Bang! released two episodes this week. For the <a href="https://soundcloud.com/comedybangbang/452-weird-al-yankovic-claudia-odoherty-jessica-mckenna">452nd episode of Comedy Bang! Bang</a>, Scott Aukerman was joined by Weird Al Yankovic, Claudia O'Doherty, and Jessica McKenna.
Multi-platinum recording artist “Weird Al” Yankovic joins Scott and contest winner Claudia O’Doherty to talk about his achievement of completing his most recent tour, getting texts from Jesus, and the final 10 episodes of CBBTV. Later, a little 8-year-old girl by the name of Beth returns riding into the studio on her power wheels to ask everyone about their ideal Halloween costume.

For the <a href="https://soundcloud.com/comedybangbang/453-johnny-pemberton-eden-sher-londale-theus-jr">453rd episode of Comedy Bang! Bang!</a>, Scott Aukerman was joined by Johnny Pemberton, Eden Sher, and Londale Theus Jr.
The titular Johnny Pemberton of FOX’s Son of Zorn and the titular middle child Eden Sher of ABC’s The Middle join the CBB First Timers Club! They join Scott for some Seinfeld trivia, Disney history, and to do elevator pitches for Eden’s new book “The Emotionary” and Johnny’s He-Man inspired show Son of Zorn. Then, showbiz driver Dicker Troy stops by to tell us what it’s like to work as a driver for big celebs. Later, Reverend T.P. Stain arrives to share the gospel on why juicing is the most important thing you can do to better your life. Plus, it’s the return of Would You Rather!