---
title: Improv Podcast Releases for April 2017
date: 2017-04-30
---

It's April, which fans of i4h will enjoy thanks to Besser's annual 420 special. This year was another amazing one, with Gabrus, Huskey, Horatio, and Gavin Speiller hanging out at Matt's house. 

## improv4humans with Matt Besser

- [Episode 285 with Lucero, Mookie Blaiklock, Gil Ozeri, Chad Carter](https://art19.com/shows/improv4humans/episodes/ba1f6d5b-9132-4708-88c1-d6d45b1317d8) - Musical guest Lucero joins Mookie Blaiklock, Gil Ozeri, Chad Carter, and Matt Besser for this week’s improv4humans! Lucero performs a selection of songs that inspire scenes about a family taking up too much of the prayer quota, the stress of short-distance relationships, and hiking the entire Appalachian trail to break up with your boyfriend. Plus, a magician freaks out the local children, and a new inductee into hell manages to annoy Satan himself.
- [Episode 286 with D'Arcy Carden, Gavin Speiller, Chad Carter](https://art19.com/shows/improv4humans/episodes/c22f01fb-648a-47eb-95dc-82da46af0b09) - D’Arcy Carden, Gavin Speiller, and Chad Carter join Matt Besser for this week’s improv4humans! They take suggestions from listeners that inspire scenes about putting Da Vinci’s garbage on display, a combat instructor who can’t deal with tiny injuries, and helping a farmer produce the biggest jug of milk for the fair. Plus, ethicist Randy Cohen calls in to settle the Subway debate, and a couple deals with an infestation of hypotheticals.
- [Episode 287 420 Special with Jon Gabrus, Gavin Speiller, Brian Huskey, Horatio Sanz](https://art19.com/shows/improv4humans/episodes/96f5fac3-3b3f-485d-b20b-7b84efc930aa) - Jon Gabrus, Brian Huskey, Gavin Speiller, and Horatio Sanz join Matt Besser for this year’s special 420 edition of improv4humans! They deal with rocks falling off of the roof, call in some unhelpful officers of the law, and let an agent’s son take charge. Later, they decide between becoming Tupac or George Carlin, and Billy’s Bongs runs into difficult times.
- [Episode 288 with Dan O'Brien, Tim Cummings, Brian Henderson, Mike Hanford, Don Fanelli, Sean Conroy](https://art19.com/shows/improv4humans/episodes/e60af579-efd2-4f19-ae5c-07f38b0fa764) - Playwright Dan O’Brien and actors Tim Cummings and Brian Henderson join improvisers Mike Hanford, Sean Conroy, and Don Fanelli for a theatrical episode of improv4humans! Dan, Tim, and Brian present selections from Dan’s new stage play “The House in Scarsdale” that inspire scenes about extreme colorblindness, a real estate agent encouraging property damage, and a pool enthusiast romance. Later, a psychic explores familial boundaries, and Don asks a stranger to be his grandmother.


## With Special Guest Lauren Lapkus
- [Mike Hanford: The Rambling Man with Calvin Redding](https://art19.com/shows/with-special-guest-lauren-lapkus/episodes/d23394be-0e7c-4d6b-a8f3-188219341162) - Welcome back to The Rambling Man with your host Calvin Redding (Mike Hanford)! Hay Salesman turned Travel Whiz, Calvin is here on Sirius XM radio to talk all things travel. This week he is joined by travel writer extraordinaire Cynthia Bartlett to talk about being an army brat, where she falls on the WAM scale, and getting stung by bees in Tampa, Florida. Calvin also opens up the phone lines to hear listeners’ worst travel days. Plus, Traci Reardon stops on by to to help her Twitter followers with travel advice in another edition of “Help Me, Rhonda.”
- [Ronna and Beverly: The Hayam Cast](https://art19.com/shows/with-special-guest-lauren-lapkus/episodes/684c1d4e-d37d-4e04-9e0e-12c15ecec1c1) - Welcome back to The Temple Shirat Hayam Podcast with your hosts this week Ronna Glickman (Jessica Chaffin) and Beverly Ginsberg (Jamie Denbo)! On the way to the podcast, Beverly had to pick up her friend’s daughter Dominique who has issues. They chat about upcoming services at the temple, what goes on in a Panera Bread, and what Dominique was caught doing when they put her in rehab. Plus, Traci Reardon stops on by to help her Twitter followers with advice on something that happened to them at the temple in another edition of “Help Me, Rhonda.”
- [John Ross Bowie: Under the Underground](https://art19.com/shows/with-special-guest-lauren-lapkus/episodes/2ff344ef-ba53-42c7-ac82-7158c8a1581b) - Welcome back to Under the Underground, the show that plays music most people are too afraid to! Host Todd Frank (John Ross Bowie) welcomes independent touring artist Melissa Tovey to discuss her enthusiasm for animal noises in her music and to listen to a few of her newest tracks. Plus, Melissa explains why her hometown isn't on the map, Todd gives his take on how The Beatles destroyed music, and finally, Traci Reardon stops by to help her Twitter followers understand underground music in another edition of "Help Me, Rhonda."
- [Cate Freedman: Deep Deep Deep Dark Secrets](https://art19.com/shows/with-special-guest-lauren-lapkus/episodes/ddd98cae-1f08-426f-a2a8-f41834a462c1) - Welcome back to Deep Deep Deep Dark Secrets, the safe space for your worst confessions. Join host Sherry Sarandon (Cate Freedman) in lifting the weight and heaviness of inner humiliations as she welcomes onto the program FBI profiler Tiffany Stenandon. Tiffany offers tips on how to figure out other people’s secrets and breaks down how she uses her imagination on the job before opening up one of Sherry’s deepest, darkest secrets. Plus, Traci Reardon stops in to help her Twitter followers with their secret questions.

## Honorary Mentions

I can't write an article about podcasts without talking about Doughboys! 